#### training dataset
bop_challange = True
bop_path = /zebra/datasets
dataset_name = tless
training_data_folder = train_pbr
training_data_folder_2 = none
val_folder = test_primesense
test_folder = test_primesense
second_dataset_ratio = 0.75
num_workers = 8
train_obj_visible_theshold = 0.2
####

detector = FCOS
use_icp = False

#### network settings
BoundingBox_CropSize_image = 256
BoundingBox_CropSize_GT = 128

BinaryCode_Loss_Type = BCE
mask_binary_code_loss = True 
predict_entire_mask = False

use_histgramm_weighted_binary_loss = True

output_kernel_size = 1

resnet_layer = 34
concat_encoder_decoder = True
####


#### check points
load_checkpoint=False
check_point_path=/zebra/checkpoints/
tensorboard_path=/zebra/data/6dof_pose_experiments/experiments/tensorboard_logs/runs/
####


#### optimizer
optimizer_type = Adam
learning_rate = 0.0002
batch_size = 16
total_iteration = 380000

binary_loss_weight = 3
#### 


#### augmentations
Detection_reaults = detection_results/tless/fcos_V57eSE_MSx1333_ColorAugAAEWeaker_8e_tless_real_pbr.json

padding_ratio = 1.5
resize_method = crop_square_resize  

use_peper_salt= True
use_motion_blur= True

#binary coding settings
divide_number_each_itration = 2
number_of_itration = 16
